# Singing

![Singing workshop](/assets/workshops/singing.jpg)

The workshop’s objective is to develop the awareness and vocal music with a
repertoire that, by its nature, can be learned and implemented without any
specific musical knowledge. The course is divided on three levels:

  1. Voice exercises
  2. Repertoire and polyphony learning
  3. Performance accompanied with musical instruments.

Voice exercises are made through a series of exercises based on folk music
tradition. Repertoire learning includes a first phase in which whole group
studies the original melody with special attention to the phonetics.  When you
know the melody and the text, the choir starts to work on polyphony. The third
phase includes performance with musical instruments with cooperation of many
musicians or amateurs. As in popular traditions, the orchestra changes its
personnel on the basis of availability and capability of the musicians. The
musical pieces are created or changed in a moment, depending on the
individual’s technical background, which allows also to the musicians beginners
to participate in choral performance.

You can [download](/VanniMusicSheets.zip) music sheets from 2013.

## Workshop leader -- **Vanni Moretto**

I am primarily involved in music, all kinds of music, regardless of the type or
period. My destiny directed me to specialize in particular the music of my
hometown Milano, but in this case I do not make difference between the types so
I work with symphonic genre, folk music, jazz and so on...

I am musical director of the orchestra Fugiens Atalanta which created several
CDs with Sony with symphonies written in Milano in 18th century. Moreover, I
cooperate with the University in Milano in the research of  therepertoire of my
hometown.

As far as the folk music is concerned, I use my father's collection of texts
and songs. Whole that material is starting point for the things that I love the
most (which is unfortunately the least profitable): creating of music.

I like to play in orchestra, so I play several instruments: Violins and double
bass with three, four and five string configurations, collaborating with the
most vibrant ensembles of the Italian and Swiss music scene.

With my compositions and conducting I won various important contests. I really
do not know their aim, but I am told that is very good to be mentioned in my
CV. I have had several concerts in major venues worldwide.
